Right, so let's add another function to your script here.
Let's get rid of some of this stuff because...
...we don't need it.
There.
So now it's only going to print the version.
Let's make another function.
'cleanup', so it's--in a lot of your scripts, it's nice to have a little clean up function in case you're
using a bunch of temporary files or whatever.  So let's  just say...
'running clean up...', and then you might want to use-- like clean up what's in the folder.
So this would forcefully remove anything in whatever folder you pass to this function.
So just like you can use these dollar sign number variables in your script, you can use them inside
of a function as well.
So here, this will be a good example:
'removing files from' there. So we're not actually going to do that.
But I want to show you that these two are different as well.
So this is also--kind of relates to the variable scope.
So you say 'you passed
$1
to the script'
You're going to see that these two are going to be different.
We'll say 'cleanup /tmp'
Now if we run out script...
So you passed to the script, nothing... [typing] '/home'
So you passed /home to the script, but then it's going to be removing files from /tmp
so this
$1 here
is the argument you passed to the script itself, but this $1 here is what you passed down here
to the function.
So this is another good reason why you want to use named the variables.
So if you just do
first_arg and at least give it a name of something,
change that.  And even here this can be a local variable--so you can name it 'local dir_to_clean
=$1'
So if you run that again...
You still passed /home to the script and then your /tmp  there, but then if you look at your code,
it's a lot easier to read.
So you know that this first arg is the one that was passed on your script and this one is the one passed
to the function, right there.